I build trust with my team and 40 team member or team members had a stumble.
You know, he's thanks to Dio is just standing watch doing drills.
Just continue to do trust if you get the trails right, Okay. And
everybody's happy. Hey, I want to be part of that. Watch to Lieutenant
has his crap one sock and that's that's That's the guy. Now I want
to follow. Okay, if you're having multiple failures on the drills
on, everybody's gotta do it again because they kind of dropped the
ball. We didn't get the torpedo fired off on time because the total
rage sent the wrong signals in that were misinterpreted and sold our
boobs. So do that is to continuously every day in port doing fired
every day in court. Believe to do, uh, intruder alert dress. So if
you're the guy looked at the gala, it's looked at too, you know, I want
to be on that team, right? Okay. If you've got a new person on the
team that you need to work in, you know, I'm with you havin a new
team member walk with you, then can evaluate Remember the new team
members capabilities, and you can figure out where that person will
fit and or if you need to do more drills.